it's a 45 in the morning and I have no
pants on then I'm making the video
sounds about right so I was just
scrolling on google and everything and
on Twitter all that good stuff what I
always do and someone tweeted out
something to said their favorite TV show
and this was a picture of Danny Phantom
now if you do not know the show Danny
Phantom I feel horrible for Danny
Phantom was like the it show when that
show was on it was easily one of my
favorite things to watch like ever just
hope hope that show was easily one of
the greatest things in the world to
watch I remember the date of that show
ended I was so sad I was so bummed out I
don't know what some of your guys's
favorite TV shows of all the times are
but I can easily say that Danny Phantom
is one my favorite shows of all time I
have actually never ever spoken to one
person or met one person who was
actually said that they hate the show
Danny Phantom that show was just so
perfect now obviously the number one
cartoon like in the world I'm pretty
sure at least I mean it's kind of my
opinion by obviously think the number
one cartoon in the world especially cuz
of how long it has been around will have
to be spongebob that cartoon could be
around for so long and I guarantee it
would get the same another viewer as it
did when it first started it's amazing
the blue that I show started and I think
it said 1998 was the very first episode
easy to another 1997 it was one of those
I think the main reason why spongebob
has been around for so long is because
that's really that's a TV show that you
know doesn't really have a main point do
it it's legitimately just kind of the
daily lives of SpongeBob and Patrick and
all the stupid shit that just kind of
happened to bikini bottom the main
reason for why does a TV show is
actually even end of such as cartoon
it's mainly because there is a certain
point to them there's usually either a
villain up and trying to stop there's a
certain goal that they're trying to
reach or eventually this kind of end up
ending the TV show in some way Danny
saved the world from the ghost tyranny
everyone knows about ghosts now they
actually praised danny phantom the whole
school knows about and everything he
gets the dream girl and that's how they
ended the show off most TV shows out
there don't end on their own terms
although but you guys I've actually
realized that but a lot of TV shows out
there actually just
cancel very few get to just kind of end
on their own term then when it comes to
just like favorite TV shows when it
comes to actually like real life people
I guess easily one of my favorites would
have to be blue mountain state I said we
suck titties that show was the shit and
it will always be the shit if you don't
know what blue mountain state is either
i seriously what are you doing you need
to stay inside and stop having a social
life and go watch some Netflix for God's
sake don't do it for me but do it for
you I want you guys to leave a comment
down below and tell me what your
favorite cartoon TV show is and what
your favorite show with like you know
real people is yo the defending me was
just 14 when this parents built the very
strange machine designed a few a world
unseen he's gonna catch em all kazi's
danny phantom when it didn't quite work
as folks in just quit then then he took
a look inside of it there was a great
big flash everything just changes monkey
was got a real red phantom phantom when
he first woke up he realized he had snow
white hair and glowing green eyes he
could walk through walls to the pier and
thought he was much more unique than the
other guys danny phantom knew what he
had to do he had to stop with the ghosts
that were coming through he's here to
fight for me and you he's gonna catch em
all cozies Danny Phantom gonna catch a
ball kasese Danny Phantom gonna catch a
ball cuz he's David I hope you all don't
enjoy today's video did enjoy please
leave a like below cops kept ya nobody
found my Twitter in description below
there's been a cure can do and i'll see
you guys next time piecing this away you
can